s3-sink sns-source docs changed (#53)
linkall-labs/docs: user-manual/connectors/source/sns.md

`/vance/secret/secret.json`** when running the connector.

Replace `MY_SECRET` with your sensitive data to get the Base64-based string.

```shell
$ echo -n MY_SECRET | base64
TVlfU0VDUkVU
```

Create a local secret file with the Base64-based string you just got from your secrets.

```shell
$ vim secret.json
{
  "awsAccessKeyID": "TVlfU0VDUkVU",
  "awsSecretAccessKey": "U2VjcmV0QWNjZXNzS2V5"
}
```
| Secrets            | Description                                                          | Example                       |Required|
|:-------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------|:-------|
| awsAccessKeyID     | `awsAccessKeyID` is the Access key ID of your aws credential.        | "BASE64VALUEOFYOURACCESSKEY=" |**YES** |
| awsSecretAccessKey | `awsSecretAccessKey` is the Secret access key of youraws credential. | "BASE64VALUEOFYOURSECRETKEY=" |**YES** |

### Run the Display Connector to Print Events

Before launching an Amazon SNS Source, we create a Display Connector to receive and **print CloudEvents** sent from the SNS Source.

> You can use following command to pull a Display Connector's image from duckerhub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following command to get the Display sink image.
```

```shell 
docker pull vancehub/sink-display:latest
```

The following command run the Display container and expose its local 8081 port to the 8081 port of your host.

```shell
docker run -p 8081:8081 --rm vancehub/sink-display
```

### Expose your local port to the public network

You can use [ngrok] to **expose** your local port to the **public network**. After you register, login and install ngrok, 
you can use the following command to get a address with specified port accessible to the public network.

```shell 
[user@localhost]$ ngrok http 8082
``` 

### Run the Amazon SNS Source with Docker

> You can use following command to pull the SNS Source's image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the SNS Source by using the following command.
```

```shell 
docker pull vancehub/source-aws-sns:latest
```

> Create your `config.json` and `secret.json`, and mount them to specific paths to run the SNS source using following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating your 'config.json' and 'secret.json'  files, you can run the SNS source and mount the files with the following command.
```

In order to send events to Display Connector, set the `v_target` value as `http://host.docker.internal:8081` in your `config.json` file.

> The `host.docker.internal` indicates docker's host ip. You can also use the ip address of **container** where Display Connector runs. Try following 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `host.docker.internal` indicates Docker's host IP. You can also use the IP address of **container** where Display Connector runs. Try following 
```

> command to get the ip address of container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
command to get the IP address of container.
```

> Use `docker ps` to get the Container id of Display Connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `docker ps` to get the Container ID of Display Connector.
```

```shell 
docker ps
```
Use `docker inspect` to get the container's IP Address.
```shell 
docker inspect [CONTAINER ID]
```

```shell
docker run -v $(pwd)/secret.json:/vance/secret/secret.json -v $(pwd)/config.json:/vance/config/config.json -p 8082:8082 --rm vancehub/source-aws-sns
```

### Verify the Amazon SNS Source

You can verify if the Amazon SNS Source works properly by publishing a message to the SNS topic. To publish a message, 

> you should log in to the [AWS Management Console][aws-console] at first.Then visit the Simple Notification Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you should log in to the [AWS Management Console][aws-console] at first. Then visit the Simple Notification Service.
```

> Choose the SNS Topics, and then you can create topics or publish messages to topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the SNS Topics, and then you can create topics or publish messages to the topics.
```
